README.md, before:

##xkeypass
A command-line tool that performs CRUD operations on json-formatted records
stored with pass.

#####Website
* [Website](https://github.com/rpdelaney/xkeypass)

##Installation
#####Dependencies
xkeypass depends on:

* [xdotool](http://www.semicomplete.com/projects/xdotool/) by Jordan Sissel
* [pass](http://www.zx2c4.com/projects/password-store/) by Jason Donenfeld
* [jshon](http://kmkeen.com/jshon/) by Kyle Keen

To install, copy `xkeypass` into your $PATH.

##Usage
```
xkeypass acts as a front-end to pass, extracting stored json data.

Usage: xkeypass [OPTION] COMMAND TITLE

Options
  -?, --help                  print this help and exit
  -v, --verbose               increase verbosity of debugging output
  a, add                      create a new record named TITLE
  d, del KEY                  delete a key from TITLE
  g, get KEY                  retrieve a key from TITLE
  u, update KEY VALUE         update or create a key in TITLE
  t, type VALUE               type the field value with xdotool
```

##To-Do
* Support arrays

##Legal
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

####TERMS AND CONDITIONS

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM “AS IS” WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE
OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU
ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR
CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO
OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided
above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms,
reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates
an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the
Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a
copy of the Program in return for a fee.

Commit message:

re-ordered parameters to require the record title before the command. added support for reading key values from standard input

README.md, after:

##xkeypass
A command-line tool that performs CRUD operations on json-formatted records
stored with pass.

#####Website
* [Website](https://github.com/rpdelaney/xkeypass)

##Installation
#####Dependencies
xkeypass depends on:

* [xdotool](http://www.semicomplete.com/projects/xdotool/) by Jordan Sissel
* [pass](http://www.zx2c4.com/projects/password-store/) by Jason Donenfeld
* [jshon](http://kmkeen.com/jshon/) by Kyle Keen

To install, copy `xkeypass` into your $PATH.

##Usage
```
xkeypass acts as a front-end to pass, extracting stored json data types.

Usage: xkeypass [OPTION] TITLE COMMAND

Options
  -?, --help                  print this help and exit
  -v, --verbose               increase verbosity of debugging output
Commands
  a, add                      create a new record named TITLE
  d, del KEY                  delete a key from TITLE
  g, get KEY                  retrieve a key from TITLE
  u, update KEY VALUE         update or create a key in TITLE. if VALUE is -
                              then read from standard input
  t, type KEY                 type the key with xdotool
```

##To-Do
* Support arrays

##Legal
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

####TERMS AND CONDITIONS

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM “AS IS” WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE
OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU
ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR
CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO
OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided
above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms,
reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates
an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the
Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a
copy of the Program in return for a fee.
